Initial commit of refactored install and landing page (#147)
ROCm/rocPyDecode: docs/index.rst

rocPyDecode documentation
********************************************************************

> The rocDecode Python Binding, rocPyDecode, is a tool that allows users to access `rocDecode <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocDecode/en/latest/>`_ APIs in both Python and C/C++. It connects Python and C/C++ libraries, enabling function 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rocDecode Python Binding, rocPyDecode, is a tool to access `rocDecode <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocDecode/en/latest/>`_ APIs in both Python and C/C++. It connects Python and C/C++ libraries, enabling function 

```

> The rocDecode Python Binding, rocPyDecode, is a tool used to access `rocDecode <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocDecode/en/latest/>`_ APIs in both Python and C/C++. It connects Python and C/C++ libraries, enabling function calling and data passing between the two languages.  To learn more, see :doc:`what-is-rocPyDecode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rocPyDecode (rocDecode Python Binding) is a tool used to access `rocDecode <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocDecode/en/latest/>`_ APIs in both Python and C/C++. It connects Python and C/C++ libraries, enabling function calling and data passing between the two languages.  To learn more, see :doc:`what-is-rocPyDecode`

```

Author: ```suggestion
rocPyDecode is a Python binding for the `rocDecode <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocDecode/en/latest/>`_ APIs. It connects Python and C/C++ libraries, enabling function calling and data passing between the two languages.  To learn more, see :doc:`what-is-rocPyDecode`
```

> 

Reviewer: Grid seems to be messed up 
Should be 2 x 2

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/32429b6b-aa70-4410-b317-333a40cc7e04)

Author: This seems to have been left on the wrong line. 

In any case, the extra `.. grid [..] gutter` directive has been removed.

> 

Reviewer: Noticed you removed the wrapper stuff - not necessary?

Author: It's in the what is. The important this is that it lets you access rocDecode. If/when what is gets fixed, this might change.

The rocPyDecode public repository is located at `https://github.com/ROCm/rocPyDecode <https://github.com/ROCm/rocPyDecode>`_.

.. grid:: 2
  :gutter: 3

  .. grid-item-card:: Install

    * :doc:`Prerequisites <./install/rocPyDecode-prerequisites>`
    * :doc:`Installation <./install/rocPyDecode-install>`

.. grid:: 2
  :gutter: 3

  .. grid-item-card:: How to

    * :doc:`Use rocPyDecode <how-to/using-rocPydecode>`
    
  .. grid-item-card:: Tutorials

    * `Samples <https://github.com/ROCm/rocPyDecode/tree/develop/samples>`_

  .. grid-item-card:: Reference

> 

Reviewer: Should these be indented?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5149071d-f2ac-434f-9e1d-0d38d5a06cb3)

Author: done.
